Nick's Dev Journal - 
	PULL REQUEST:
		- Added Nick's Dev Journal which will allow Nick to add things onto the list that he did.
He works on things, and will put three sections into his DevJournal: MERGED, PULL REQUEST, and IN PROGRESS.
	IN PROGRESS:
		- Updated logo for the app.

2-13-15
	I have made more progress to properly installing my Android Studio environment, once I finish doing so, I will be able
to begin writing code for mine and Mikhalev's 20% project. I, for the entirity of 6th period, was attempting to get a portable
version of Android Studio onto my flash drive, it continued to install throughout 7th period, and... didn't finish. Once I do
finish installing my environment, I will be working on some implementation of sound effects as well as the button layout for
the app. But for now, I will work on the logo and perfect that more, while slow computers install slow things.

2-20-15
	In the past week, I was able to get my environment properly set up for a mobile version, I was also able to add a few
more sounds to our sound files. Besides installs on my computer at home taking a mystiriously long time, everything set up pretty
fast. I will be taking this weekend now to look over the progress already made and see what I can do from there. I will also be
browsing the internet for more sound effects that are not copyrighted to anyone to drop. I will probably be staying up until
Android Studio decides to stop being stupid and install faster than 1MB/minute... Great work AS. For now, since I can't open up
my local version of AS until it finishes installing on my flashdrive, I am left only able to add sound effects, and work on
logos and such.

2-27-15
	In the past week, I have been doing some research on what I can do to help out in this project, Mikhalev and I have come 
to a conclusion that I will be helping out with the code, like I should. Therefore, once I got done with installing Android
Studio onto my flash drive to create a portable Android Studio, I began to work in the depths of the code. By that I mean I have
added a few "in progress" methods. And by "in progress", I mean, the basic implementation is there, just the lovely jubbly stuff
in there is not. My current research involves creating a ListAdapter for our ListView of sounds, quite the challenge, but I can
overcome it if I take the time to learn.

3-6-15
	Due to recent illnesses, I was unable to properly work on anything regarding this, or any assignment much. I apologize to
Mikhalev as well as Mr. Schreiber, but my immune system failed me on a fairly important day, I will make every attempt to work
on this project over at our Utah Regional for Robotics for this next week, but much might not come out. I still need to catch up on
recent changes that were probably made.

3-20-15
	To get back into the groove of things, I have been looking over Alex Mikhalev's code and, not only trying to figure out how
it would work, but also trying to figure out what I can do to help. The changes I have made this week, since I haven't seen a push
from him on GitHub for a while, shouldn't affect how the code works. I was basically only able to fill in a method and figure out
how the rest worked. Now since Mikhalev and I will be gone when our deliverable is due the week after spring break, I will try to
work more on this project over spring break, in hopes to contribute more.

4-10-15
	With recent difficulties with my portable environment, I had tried to create an unsigned apk with the school computers,
only to find out that when the school computers are disconnected from the network drives, it is for some reason unable to do so.
It has also been noted to be fairly difficult as well as new for me to have to build off of some one else's code, so each week I
practically need to re-learn the code every week since Alex likes to constantly work on the project. However, I will soon be able
to test out our project.